Respectfully addressing Ms. Yen, respectfully addressing the leaders of the
Minh Long Golden Valley Club, and respectfully addressing
all esteemed fellow practitioners, my name is Thu
Hong, and I am a Buddhist from the Minh
Long Cau Giay Buddhist Center. Today, I would like to ask for your guidance.
This is my understanding, but I am still a little
confused. I would
like your guidance. We are lay
Buddhists, and before
knowing about Ba Vang Pagoda, we used to follow the monks
to the Summer Retreat Offerings.
But since we started practicing with the Buddhist center
and Ba Vang Pagoda, under the guidance
of our master and the
leadership of the center,
only the leadership goes to the Summer Retreat Offerings, while the lay
practitioners
contribute according to their own discretion. So, I would like to ask: if lay practitioners contribute independently, wouldn't that be considered disrespectful and disobedient?
And if we don't go, when will
we be allowed to participate in the Summer Retreat Offerings? How can we ensure that
each Summer Retreat is conducted properly?  Regarding the
Buddhist practice, from what I've seen,
many people have the desire to go and make
offerings to the monastic retreat. I respectfully ask Sister An for her
merits and the merits of all fellow practitioners. I am
very grateful to Sister
Hong. Respectfully, dear fellow practitioners, when
the monks go to make offerings to the monastic retreat,
we will select a certain
number of people from each retreat
to go and make offerings. We
must understand the meaning of making offerings to the
monastic retreat. Making offerings to the monastic retreat means providing
sustenance. The monastic retreat is the place where the monks gather for
their summer retreat. Therefore, the
sustenance provided is money
and food. So, any money and
food we bring to a retreat is
considered an offering to
that retreat. It's not just about going
there to make an offering. As for what
Sister Hong said about wanting to go, it means
wanting to go, and it has nothing to do with
the offering part. Going is different from making an offering, dear fellow
practitioners. For offerings,
we can pool all our resources at the
temple and see
how many people from each retreat contribute.  The money
will be divided equally among the monks attending the summer retreats; the
temple doesn't keep any of
it. For example, if we have 1000,
the monk will attend three summer retreats, each with
200 people, making three retreats
600 monks. That 1000 will be divided equally
among the 600 monks. Do you understand
this point? If we don't have the strength,
we can only attend one retreat. That's
what we mean by
providing for and supporting the monks. We're
not present; we've completed our
part. The part we want to do is for
others to go. This part of going is done by others, representing the
esteemed monks. Some people go
but may not necessarily make offerings; some make offerings
but don't attend; some
might only donate 1000, while others might
donate 100,000.
Remember, the merit
belongs to the person making the offering, not the
person attending, right?  But if you don't make offerings, that's not right. Do
you esteemed fellow practitioners understand this point?
And if anyone in the Dharma center
wants to go, they can register so the Dharma
center can request permission.
That's just wanting to go, mind you.
If you want to make offerings, that doesn't count. You can
make as many offerings as you want, but here, it's just
wanting to go. Yen is separating these two things
to make them distinctly different: it's not
necessarily the Dharma center leader or the
leadership who goes. The leadership could
just send one person, and two or three
others could go. For example,
Yen might only go for one year, and the following year the
responsibilities would be allocated to the fellow practitioners; whoever wants to go will be
assigned. Do you esteemed fellow practitioners understand
this point? Let's implement this in our Dharma centers.
[Music]
[Applause]
K
[Music]